# Questions


will se help with predicting changes (correlation between message and change) ?

we cant tell whether the price actually increased and decreased (trust what devs are claiming)

Did they actually make a change ? 


Is the change itself actually related to the message ?

The action after the message ?
    - if there was a change ? 
    - was the change positive ?

Take into accounts the "buts"


sentences or the documents ?
    - tendency : models are being trained to absorb large text not sentence.
    - bert

Where to start :
    - transforms BERT or BERT like
    - convultion in text
    - build a network then throught the text
    - tune BERT
    - embedding (transformation from text to matrices)
    - data set -> 
    - combination
    - sample 10 and then 90
    - k = 10, 10 folds and the results (average)
    - testing fase -> results (performance of the model)
    - CNN : performance and embedding. 
    - 3.6 in the paper from discord
    - you dont need to do the classify on different kind of sources
    - same classifier but different sources
    - issues could have context and different from commits and code comments
    - PROBLEM : dataset is limited.

It is a developers rule. More research sake, both point towards what has been done. Tendes to support desicion making. Direct result : inline with desicions made. Capture architec knowledge. Using a new repo, access to a data set u can learn from them and helps you make your own desicions. Resuing archt knowledge.


Research design : finalize 

run on https://github.com/feitosa-daniel/cloud-cost-awareness/blob/v3/dataset.json

no interesting body -> look at the comments

do the commits -> classify them manually
500 commits


Misclassifcations are possible


write down how to decide whether its positive and negative <= 50

